hey guys welcome back up Jean de LaSalle
a president of Audie holics and we have
vice-president of marketing
Jean you told me that you have a pretty
good topic that you want to cover today
what is that yeah I thought it'd be good
to these little two or three minute
videos here and and I'd like to focus on
the placement of the LCR speakers which
are your front left right and center
channels because those are the most
really in my opinion the most important
speakers in the system especially if you
do a lot of to channel listening or
multi-channel music listening and I see
a lot of people that are kind of doing
some budgetable plays yeah so you know a
couple of rules of thumb is you want to
really get your front three speakers on
the same listening plane or as close as
you can and you want the front three
speakers to be at seated ear level
position okay so it's hard when you have
big speakers and you've got a TV or you
got a screen you don't want to block
your display obviously so what we tend
to do is we place to speak or
horizontally a center channel which
usually is an MT M or a mt m with a mid
range below of which is they're usually
the preferred speaker choice because it
gives you better off access performance
so in those situations I would recommend
that you put that center channel as
close to the screen as you can usually
below the screen if you have to do it
above your TV you can and just angle it
down you know using some type of whether
it's a shoe wedge or an oral X moped you
know whatever you can do to do that but
try to get your front three speakers as
close as you can and at the same
listening plane you know a lot of people
like to use acoustically transparent
screens and then you could put all three
speakers behind the screen that could
work really well I tend to be more
gravitate towards I like seeing my front
speakers I like especially if they're
towers I don't like having any
interference with a screen or any off
access anomalies but if you're doing
mostly movie watching and you're not
doing a whole lot of music listening
then that is a great solution for most
people and then you could put even
bigger speakers behind a screen and
never see them so you got to get a good
screen you know Seymour has a good
screen there's a bunch of companies
screen innovations there's so many
brands out there that
they have really good screen technology
that will give you very little loss for
the sound sound through the screen
awesome
yeah that's really good advice Jean the
one thing you don't want to do is you
don't want to put all three of your LCR
speakers in the ceiling yes I don't put
them on the floor either yeah you know
it's like how many people we've seen a
week of video they literally put it on
the floor like the center channels
horizontally mounted on the floor not
even angled up it's just sitting there
on the floor and then wondering why they
can't hear you no they can't hear liam
neeson
telling them to give them give me back
my daughter something right it's like
what do you say yeah exactly at the
placement right guys exactly we have
more advanced videos on this we got
diagrams you know all the propeller
heads out there could calculate their
angles we got geometry in there and
everything else exactly but this is just
a quick video to say get your speaker
placement right exactly
don't mess it up don't put your
speaker's by the fish tank yeah okay
awesome so with that said I click like
on the button below if you like this
video and also feel free to comment let
us know what you think and also don't
forget to go ahead and share this with
your friends and subscribe to our
channel as well so you can get our
videos on a weekly basis with that said
until next time keep listening
you